I never thought that in life
eyebrows would have been an element
so important but fortunately in the
recent years have become a big one
trend and we are all taking care of it as if
they were daughters personally not
I never leave home without having well
rigged and defined
last night I was good because
infected eyebrows before
go to bed then the blushes that you
are created have had time to
calm down but sometimes I forget about
do it then i do it before
put on makeup with consequent concealer
hide those eyebrows, etc.
there are times when we say there are
phases in which the use of powders e
then angled brushes now instead
i'm finding myself very well with one
pencil and started doing in the little ones
traits of the lower part then I take
a colored gel and this besides fixing
it will also give me a little more texture for
an effect a little more natural than this
the other also the fibers inside
then to better define especially
I mean, I'll take some corrector
I sculpt practically the drawing and the
also the whole arch light
eyebrow
the difference between before and after is
really total I can't get out
without making up the eyebrows for that
they really give the frame a character
the eye perfectly gaze at the face
all therefore absolutely the
eyebrows have to be done
gel powders anything but you need to
them